#In this section, I would like to share what I did to differentiate my model from others'
#The ideal solution was posted by shopee afterwards and it's pretty similar to my workflow. However, there might be some bug during my preprocessing.

###See it differently
  The biggest challenge within the project stands in the fact that 1.it is not written in a familiar language. 2. there are a lot of words in the answer
that never appear in the training data. Given the above condition, lots of the participants may want to solve it with a Seq2Seq approach, since it makes more sense
to let the model learn the whole sentence and decide how to answer in a slightly different fashion.
  However, it must be noticed that the grading criterion for the prediction is extremely strict. All the space, punctation, spelling, orders for
the two prediction within each address (POE and Street) need to be as same as Shopee's answer to obtain points. Therefore, with only 300,000 training data, and about
1/5 of them contains typos or abbreviation it, it naturally follows that obtaining overall accuracy above 80% is infeasible.
  Instead of trying to clean all the data at once, I separate the data into 'hard' and 'easy' by whether they contain typos or abbreviation. Then, we can approach the
easy part with a NER model! By labeling the words as 'B-POE','I-POE','B-street','I-street', and 'O' for others, 4/5 of the data can be solved easily. And if we can
obtain a 80% accuracy (which is not hard for NER models), I still have my upper bounds accuracy for approximately 64% which is not bad compared to final winner who score 70%.

###Possible measure can be done
1.opt for a different model, in this case, I only use a pretrained BERT-indonesian model
2.GPU is also important, since i do not own one and i have to use colab. Training NLP networks does take extremely long time.
3.try to use Seq2Seq model for the rest of 'hard' data
4.punctuation should be processed like a window function.
5.typos collected should be further examinated
6.Further EDA within detected typos and abbreviation, I didn't check this since it's hard for me to read Indonesian but this can be done with the help with Google
or your indonesian friends:)
